notes.md, before:

# Project Notes

- Minimum viable solution (MVS)

For an MVS, the oscilloscope needs to be able to draw a very slow waveform (ie. 1 Hz) on the OLED display at a known offset voltage of 2.5 V and a max pk-pk voltage of 4 V.

-  Goal solution

A good goal to try to reach for is an oscilloscope that can condition a wide range of signals with different DC offsets and voltages to map them to within the Arduino ADC's 0-5 V input range and automatically scale the captured waveform with a vertical and horizontal scaling factor so that it fits onto the display.

## Minimum solution implementation notes

- Since the input signal is already between 0 and 5V, it can be fed directly to the Arduino, but it's still a good idea to use a series resistor to limit current and protect the ADC.

A series resistor can introduce a voltage divider effect, but the input impedance of the Arduino's ADC is high enough that it can be ignored. 

A more sophisticated solution can use an op-amp buffer circuit which provides very low output impedance while protecting the circuit (not necessary for MVS).

- No need for a low pass filter at ~1 Hz. Since the signal is very slow, we don't need high-speed sampling. Simple polling (ie. analogRead()) should work fine.

- MDOB128064BV-WS module takes 5V power and uses SPI.

Commit message:

docs: document OLED display pinout and Arduino connections

notes.md, after:

# Project Notes

- Minimum viable solution (MVS)

For an MVS, the oscilloscope needs to be able to draw a very slow waveform (ie. 1 Hz) on the OLED display at a known offset voltage of 2.5 V and a max pk-pk voltage of 4 V.

-  Goal solution

A good goal to try to reach for is an oscilloscope that can condition a wide range of signals with different DC offsets and voltages to map them to within the Arduino ADC's 0-5 V input range and automatically scale the captured waveform with a vertical and horizontal scaling factor so that it fits onto the display.

## Minimum solution implementation notes

- Since the input signal is already between 0 and 5V, it can be fed directly to the Arduino, but it's still a good idea to use a series resistor to limit current and protect the ADC.

A series resistor can introduce a voltage divider effect, but the input impedance of the Arduino's ADC is high enough that it can be ignored. 

A more sophisticated solution can use an op-amp buffer circuit which provides very low output impedance while protecting the circuit (not necessary for MVS).

- No need for a low pass filter at ~1 Hz. Since the signal is very slow, we don't need high-speed sampling. Simple polling (ie. analogRead()) should work fine.

- MDOB128064BV-WS (calling it disp from now) module takes 5V power and uses SPI. 

Here are what the different pins do:

1. VCC: power supply (5V).
2. GND: ground.
3. MOSI (aka D1): data from microcontroller to disp.
4. SCK (aka CLK, D0): serial clock, signal for synchronising data.
5. CS (aka SS): selects the active SPI device (not relevant to us because we're only using one SPI "slave" device, ie the disp).
6. DC: used to differentiate between command and data bytes.
7. RST: resets the display (active LOW).

On the Arduino, MOSI is pin 11 and SCK is 13, the rest are configurable.
